hello very good artur de barcina
minecraft we are here with another vice of
domótica let's enter our house
I know what built
that does not work there but that 's why
because a disabled lever now now
works according to whether you remember in the
last chapter we build
this here our role was where
you can throw things and burn them
and I told you very, but now there is a pressure
kate on the floor as I have a problem
with the symmetry I will have to put water
here, I've been thinking and I've put
something here and it is also something more beautiful and
more complex I think there's something there
little more advanced of the redstone if you
you ask because I have two tics and three
hide looks in the inventory I hope
that we're going to graffiti you a little bit so
get ready and go ahead
perfect because it has appeared here in
our crafting table and we can
catch a peak here I have it look what
beautiful
and it is already crafting see itself completely
disguised we will see how built
this
it's just a block changer
activated by a prisoner plate there are other
ways of doing it the truth is that there
many and we have done many in the channel
but in the way that I built it
it takes up a lot of space and I had to
make another floor down here
this is basically to test if
it worked here we have the input and we're going
to do it by parts the colored wool
green will symbolize the hiding of the
writing table while the wool of
red color on the wall was golden
kraft eo - this is the input here
I should have changed color but
well do not worry about here arrives
the signal from that pressure plate leads to
these to these two parts this is racing
detector and I'm falling the detector
I'll put a mega link here so you can
go all to see what they are and
how it works but good
and explained above this detects
when a cable is turned on it is already
it detects when a cable goes off follows
when we step on it, there will be a signal here
and when the xxvi we jump sign by
here
the next one here is relatively short
so this is just an extender
go through here a tick goes through here 3
ticks we release 2 tics and national ups
around here for this column of torches and
goes to two sides goes to this column of
torches that is will move the piston
sticky that holds the block so
The first thing you will do is take this
piston and throw it to the back once
created to back this piston with
extendable and from here
this other non-sticky piston push to
the crafting table and the trunk block
or whatever it is called there will be here over
both will be created up
continuously the signal will stop
work so what will happen will be
simple
I think that this is here so that
Now that I look at it, you are fighting this
piston here so
for the moment
we will leave it here
and we will put another christ in because this
did not take you to the store according to
for a moment what will happen is this
pulls back the trunk appears
here the two raise the piston can lower
and this can push pulling in place
of the trunk the cardboard table and
exactly works the other way around we have
here the protective jog that will have
when you step on the prisoner plate
If you do not forget here, go through here
three sticks of difference and between here
this saga is a little longer so
we allow ourselves the claw 3 ticks without that
two simultaneous signals remain
if I'm going a little faster
explain this please tell me in the
comments but I assume you already have a
certain as what we will do agility with
the rest although you know what I'm
talking about the sanchez hector if not the
you know, it does not matter, you can see the
video before you finish watching this for
understand it well but when I talk about
arsenal when I talk about tics and this
I hope you all understand me without any
problem leave it to me in the comments
and I go a little slower and explain a
little more
Well, this here is another column
of torches that we will now visit
we will go up here and this is with one of
torches here on one side goes back to
activate the central piston or rather
deactivate it in this case and on the other
side goes through here to do through
all these torches and repeaters what
same as we did with the piston
lower in the upper level here is
very simple because it is all straight for
repeaters that there is already a pressure to
three plus one torch 4 123 ticks esteva
8 be more 7 does not matter the truth but
it comes to be exactly the same so
is now the perfect despistada which
we stepped on this already back this
will go up and this gets out and when
we are going to leave this will go down and
will push the two that are currently
down
and that's saying let's go back to
check that everything works because I've
touched something
and here we have our racing table and
we can propose a text to the viewpoint and
now it's going to come out
we can have normal wall m
It's that simple
if you notice having stepped on one
once nothing happened
but how do we assume that
you are here and digital character only the
users only have that catch them in
mind physalis by accident but now
You see that you think about it in the West
bebeto what happens is that it is not saved
because he has no time and died of the
pistons twice so if you okay
come out now go back to do the
exit procedure and now it closes
but hey this has been one of the
videos of the home automation project and this saga
I think we 'll have it finished, I hope
that you liked the video and you know
if you want to see more of us and
subscribe goodbye one low all